a 10-minute fat burning workout that
actually works
[Music]
these exercises are included in many
intense training programs that take no
more than ten minutes you can get in
shape in a very short time and all you
need to do is get the technique right
even the busiest people can find time
for this simple set of seven exercises
you can perform all of them while
watching the video give it a try it's an
easy and fun workout before beginning
your training to a warm up warm up
properly to avoid getting injured during
the exercises while warming up you can
do some squats for a start do five one
two three four five great also try some
arm and leg swings
[Music]
body rotations and bends
and neck and knee warmups
[Music]
now you're ready for our fat burning
workout let's begin exercise number one
sumo jump squats set your legs wide
apart with your toes outward pull your
hips back a bit now squat until your
knees are bent at a right angle strain
your buttocks jump straight up and land
softly you should repeat the exercise 12
times I'll give you 30 seconds to finish
the set and we'll count for you why 2 3
4 5
six seven eight nine
only three reps left ten 11 12
[Music]
well done you're ready for the next one
by the way you should do all the
exercise one after another only stopping
to rest if you need it exercise number 2
push-ups with a raised hand take up the
plank position with your legs back and
neck forming a straight line breathing
in bend your elbows to form right angles
and go down breathing out push yourself
up and touch your shoulder with the
opposite hand you should repeat it 12
times changing hands let's give it a try
why
to
three four you can also do this propped
on your knees five six seven are you
feeling your muscles burn that means
you're doing it right eight nine ten
eleven and the last one twelve the set
includes seven exercises and we've
already done to keep on going your dream
body is on the way exercise number three
jump plank take up the plank position
with your legs back and neck forming a
straight line your leg and stomach
muscles strained
pull your feet up to your hands in a
jump then jump up straightening your
arms up as well return to the sitting
proposition and jump back to the initial
line how many reps should you do twelve
again I'll give you 30 seconds it should
be enough ready there go keep in mind
that the workout should make you feel
energized but not exhausted do it nice
and easy don't push yourself too hard if
you feel tired pause the video and take
a break
[Music]
while performing the exercise try to
concentrate on your muscle work and get
rid of negative thoughts positive
thinking is very important
[Music]
are you done no time to be lazy let's
move on to the next exercise
exercise number four knee pole plank the
initial position is a plank propped up
on your elbows pull your left knee to
your left elbow then return to the
initial position repeat with your other
leg as usual you should repeat the
exercise twelve times if you don't want
to count while exercising just keep
doing it for thirty seconds here's your
half minute pull your left knee to your
left elbow then return to the initial
position now do it for the right knee
left
[Music]
right
keep going until the time runs out
[Music]
number five jumps forward into the side
jump up and to the side from the half
squat position then jump to the other
side how many reps should you do
uh-huh twelve of course you want me to
count for you okay there you go one two
three four five six seven you're doing
great don't stop eight nine
10 11 the last one 12 are you okay if
you need a break
pause the video drink some water walk
around the house and wipe off the sweat
with a towel I'll give you 10 seconds to
rest okay but do not sit down keep
moving
[Music]
ready now okay exercise six plank with a
raised hand do the plank with your legs
back and neck forming a straight line
and your leg and stomach muscles strain
smoothly lift your right arm until it's
parallel to the floor moving your right
leg to the side return to the initial
position and do the same for your other
arm let's repeat three times for each
side
start with the right arm and right leg
one two
three
now the left side one two
and three well done you know what we're
on to the last exercise exercise number
seven jumps with knees to the chest set
your heels shoulder-width apart your
knees should be slightly bent and your
hands are in front of you jump up and
pull your knees to your chest as high as
you can land softly get ready and repeat
the exercise twelve times here's your
half minute do it nice and easy
no rush if you perform this set of
exercises regularly your whole body will
transform within a few weeks
[Music]
how are you doing there feeling
exhausted it's okay
only ten seconds left ten nine eight
seven six five four three two one
great job repeat the whole set every two
days and try to increase the number of
reps after three weeks raise the time of
the training to twenty minutes
[Music]
have you ever tried these exercises
before share your experience in the
comments don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]